Help again.
So no we'll going to see another example for migrating out virtually on a machine from a local store
to another host or that you do look out the store or do shit in that store.
So this would take this example of this virtual machine that is powered on.
It's the same as Bharath on or opponent.
And this machine is to store the look out the start of the Isak's I want if we try to immigrate it is
I number two.
And if you remember to migrate Ah parishioner's only from a virgin machine that was on local store.
It is impossible.
You can go to the next step you will get on a road that this machine have a new suit to immigrate to
another house because it's used the local store.
But of course if we choose to migrate stores only it's so dark.
That's me.
You can migrate to our shared storage but another option.
But if we try to chose both of them the resource and the storage it will work perfectly because it will
migrate to stores first then when it will migrate to storage do the resource will be available to be
migrated if we chose.
When I was on ethics I took a six i3 walk the next day.
We can chose to look at the store of this host but to me it will migrate the storage of the virtual
machine.
Windows 7 from the local storage of do E6 I want to look all that I store of E-6 I do in this case do
is excite them but you can raid do store hours of this one.
But of course there are a complex process that will happen right.
Because when we migrate to the hard drive of his virtual machine from the local storage this one to
do local store of the host.
But to do resouce use it from this machine from the Isak's I want were not to be able to access to storage
of the virtual machine that save it in storage or to Isak's.
I stop behind the scene or in the background what's happened.
Do the it will make great storage of this virtual machine.
Do Windows 7.
Number one from Mukalla the start of iOS 6.
I want to assure that storage will chose any of those shedded Stosh.
Then when the storage of this machine saved it into a sheet it's trash.
That's me and all the host can get access to do a hard drive out of this virtual machine in a shared
storage.
Then the next process is to make great resource use it.
There's this option Right-Hand will do this process first then hit back and charge the computer resources
later from the e6.
I number 1 to 6.
Number two.
No the machine is still running and is the resource of the Isak's.
I number two and use the shared storage that it is accessible from Isak's.
I never took them as third step is to migrate the data or the body of the virtual machine from the shared
trash to the local storage of it.
I number two.
So this is a long process.
If we try to do it we will take a long time to do that.
But let's try it and check what will happen next.
So the network as the same next and we click Finish on you is to have charge computer resource and storage
of our the virtual machine VM 7 to do it.
I do know that all of us need a minute for the past or number one.
So this is a long process because it was Windows 7.
It's a large virtual machine.
It will take more than a how and this is too much time to wait.
So let's just make it simple and we migrated to do land number one or line number two to make it's more
faster.
So the click NEXT NEXT.
So the process that will be happening in the background migrating to storage first from to look at storage
or to E6.
I want to I should it splash they migrated to resouce from E6.
I want to.
Any host country.
External storage or share it.
Storage.
So the click next and finish and the process will work perfectly and the machine will be powered on
without any problem.
So this is the end of this section and we cover it all the different duration of the mission that we
can get in the real environment.
And next we'll discover another future of do theme where we spend to see in the next section.